P1)
pppoe:
-C ac_name
    Specifies the desired access concentrator name. pppoe will only initiate sessions with the specified access concentrator. In most cases, you should not specify this option. Use it only if you know that there are multiple access concentrators. If both the -S and -C options are specified, they must both match for pppoe to initiate a session. 

pppoe-server:
-C ac_name
    Specifies which name to report as the access concentrator name. If not supplied, the host name is used.

-F
The -F option causes pppoe-server not to fork and become a daemon. The default is to fork and become a daemon. 


P2)
When a client is configured to use RADIUS, any user of the client presents authentication
information to the client. This might be with a customizable login prompt, where the user is
expected to enter their username and password. Communicating the device IP address to
the server in the RADIUS access request allows other applications to begin to take
advantage of that information.
(Un client est donc une une application sur une machine)

Un user est défini comme quelqu'un qui utilise un client pour s'authentifier via RIADUS.
(c'est un nom de compte dans une base de donnée)

Protection du MDP :
      On transmission, the password is hidden.  The password is first
      padded at the end with nulls to a multiple of 16 octets.  A one-
      way MD5 hash is calculated over a stream of octets consisting of
      the shared secret followed by the Request Authenticator.  This
      value is XORed with the first 16 octet segment of the password and
      placed in the first 16 octets of the String field of the User-
      Password Attribute.

      If the password is longer than 16 characters, a second one-way MD5
      hash is calculated over a stream of octets consisting of the
      shared secret followed by the result of the first xor.  That hash
      is XORed with the second 16 octet segment of the password and
      placed in the second 16 octets of the String field of the User-
      Password Attribute.

      If necessary, this operation is repeated, with each xor result
      being used along with the shared secret to generate the next hash
      to xor the next segment of the password, to no more than 128
      characters.

P3)
Nas-port-number :
The value of the NAS-Port attribute. Is an integer between 0 and 2^31, and it really doesn't
matter what you put here. 10 will do fine